---
layout: post
title:  "Meetings set to restart in November 2024!"
date:   2024-10-15 9:00:00
---

Welcome back everyone! The Malihini Orchid Society is back!<br/>

John Humphrey our Treasurer was able to secure us a great meeting room and reserve it for an entire year. No more nomad orchid society, no more not knowing where our next meeting is going to be!<br/>

The space is at the Santa Clara Railroad Museum, right across from Santa Clara University, right next to the Caltrain station and less than a mile from 880. There are 10 parking spaces reserved for the museum
(in this case .....us) right out in front. On the right side of the building is a ramp and the door to our new meeting space.<br/>

For our first meeting, Angelic has agreed to be our first speaker free of charge.<br/>

For the future, we are planning on elections in December, dues will start in January (at $20) and we have tentatively set our show and sale for April 5th and 6th.<br/>

Hope to see you all at our first meeting in our new space!
<br/>

Bill Weaver
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We are meeting the second Friday of the month at 7:30PM<br/>
<a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9"> Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050
</a>
<br/>
The SBHRS is open on Tuesday nights and Saturdays. <br/>
<br/>
PARKING:<br/>
Parking spaces are in front of the building. If there are no more parking spaces available, you can park at Starbucks<br/><br/>
How to enter the conference room:<br/>
1) Face the building<br/>
2) Turn to your right and follow the building to its end. Walk up the ramp.<br/>
3) See a white door, enter into the conference room


