---
layout: post
title:  "The President's Message"
date:   2025-03-13 9:00:00
---

We had a love-ly meeting on Valentine's Day.  Conrad gave a great talk on "Controlling My Greenhouse Environment", featuring how he handles climate control in his awesome greenhouse.  He also had some photos of not only his greenhouse but some of the blooming plants he grows there.

Conrad was followed by me speaking on "Backbulbs, What Are They and Why Do We Care".  Basically I explained how pseudobulbs differ from bulbs, corms and  tubers, how cymbidium backbulbs differ from the orchid pseudobulbs, and how we can use these to obtain exact duplicates of our favorite cymbidiums.

We had large selection of snacks this meeting brought by members that included, among other things, freeze dried tropical fruits and lots and lots of cookies!

The show and tell table was the biggest one we've had so far. There were so many that some had to sit on the floor!

The capper of the evening was a plant table of cymbidiums donated by Weegie Caughlan. There was a lot of excitement, and I really think it brought more people to this meeting .

See you in March!
Bill Weaver
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We are meeting the second Friday of the month at 7:30PM<br/>
<a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9"> Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050
</a>
<br/>
The SBHRS is open on Tuesday nights and Saturdays. <br/>
<br/>
PARKING:<br/>
Parking spaces are in front of the building. If there are no more parking spaces available, you can park at Starbucks<br/><br/>
How to enter the conference room:<br/>
1) Face the building<br/>
2) Turn to your right and follow the building to its end. Walk up the ramp.<br/>
3) See a white door, enter into the conference room
