---
layout: post
title:  "The 2026 President's Message"
date:   2025-12-29 9:00:00
---
Please continue to support your local Malihini Orchid Society!
You’re missing the fun if you don’t show!
<p>
We had a Great December Holiday Party and feasted on Ribs, Ham, Sushi, Lasagna, Desserts
and More! Then, we had a plant giveaway where everyone got one of Weegie’s last treasures.
We even had a few left over so if you didn’t show up…you missed out.
<p>
We also had elections, and as Bill Weaver decided to retire as president after 10 years, the
group decided to take a chance on me as the new president: John Humphrey.
Fortunately, all the other great officers are retaining their spots and so a new president should
not screw it up too badly.
<p>
Looking forward to our next meeting on Friday, January 9 th when Angelic will be our featured
speaker talking about Cool growing Orchids in the Bay Area. Don’t miss it. You’ll be sure to pick
up at least one pearl of wisdom!
<p>
See you there…John.
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
We are meeting the second Friday of the month at 7:30PM<br/>
<a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9"> Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050
</a>
<br/>
The SBHRS is open on Tuesday nights and Saturdays. <br/>
<br/>
PARKING:<br/>
Parking spaces are in front of the building. If there are no more parking spaces available, you can park at Starbucks<br/><br/>
How to enter the conference room:<br/>
1) Face the building<br/>
2) Turn to your right and follow the building to its end. Walk up the ramp.<br/>
3) See a white door, enter into the conference room
