---
layout: post
title:  "Speaker: Audrey Young-Tarter - Most Recent Updates on Peloric Cymbidium Breeding"
date:   2016-07-08 7:30PM
---

### Speaker bio

When Audrey attended her first Orchid Society meeting, she decided to
spring for $5 in raffle tickets. She won 3 Cymbidiums, one valued at
$125 – a 5-spike, full blooming Cymbidium Red Beauty 'Evening Star',
HCC/AOS. So of course, she thought, "Oh, this is EASY."

After 24 years of collecting over 4,000 cymbidiums, she
acknowledges that it has never since been that easy as buying that
first raffle ticket!

Like most beginners, she immediately joined way too many orchid
societies, and has served in many capacities from Board Member,
Newsletter Editor, Webmaster, and Facebook editor. She was
collecting so many orchids, that her husband finally said "No! No
more orchids in the bedroom! Either you sleep here, or they do!"
Audrey realized she needed Orchid Rehab and sold, gave and tossed
away plants until she could move what was left into a greenhouse.

In 1997 Audrey purchased a division of Cymbidium Cleo’s Melody
'Freakout' from the Terry Root Cymbidium Stud Plant Collection. She was fascinated with the unique
and attractive mutation of markings on the lower half of the lower sepals and petals of the plant.
She began calling vendors, everyone who was in the orchid world, from the USA to Australia & New
Zealand, asking if they knew about this interesting cultivar. She has since purchased hundreds of
peloric Cymbidiums, fostered seedlings, registered 6 six grexes, and finally originated her first sepal
peloric potential Cymbidium hybrid. Audrey has learned a lot about peloric Cymbidiums and she is
excited to share her knowledge with you.

When Audrey isn’t hammering somebody about Cymbidium orchids, she sells real estate, takes long
walks by the beach with her husband (really!), and travels to visit friends and nifty foreign countries.
Although sadly in need of updating, Audrey’s website is [CymsererlyYours](http://www.CymserelyYours.com/) and her
Facebook page may be seen at [facebook.com/CymserelyYours](http://www.facebook.com/CymserelyYours).

### Plant table

Audrey will provide *Cymbidiums*.

