---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Amy Jacobsen - <em>Laelia purpurata</em> varieties and the hunt for <em>L. purpurata</em> in situ"
date:   2016-09-09 7:30PM
---

Amy is an enthusiastic hobbyist orchid grower and an accredited
American Orchid Society judge.  Although she always grew a few
orchids, when Amy married Ken Jacobsen she was faced with a quandary:
she basically had a choice between getting more involved with orchids
or becoming an orchid widow and orchids it is!

Amy grows the majority of her *Cattleyas* and *Laelias* in covered
outdoor areas at her home and in an unheated greenhouse on the
Northern California Coast (Half Moon Bay). She shares greenhouse
space with her husband Ken Jacobsen’s large *Cymbidium* collection.
Her special interests in orchids are *Laelia anceps*, *Cattleya*
(formerly *Laelia*) *purpurata*, and *Cattleya intermedia*. In
addition to *Laelias* and *Cattleyas*, Amy also grows *Lycastes/Anguloas*,
*Masdevallias*, *Pleurothallids*, *Aussie Dendrobiums*, and a wide
mix of other genera. Ken and Amy’s orchid collection now number
~5,500.  Other than their numerous AOS and CSA awards, Ken and Amy
also won the Best Orchid in Show and the Best Cattleya Alliance
awards at the 2008 Santa Barbara International Show. They are also
the winner of the AOS Berliner Award for the best Award *Lycaste*
for 2009.

Amy’s talk will show *L. purpurata* varieties as well as her trip
to southern Brazil in search of *L.  purpurata* in situ.

### Plant table

Amy Chung Jacobsen will supply the plant table. There will be a
wide variety of orchids.
