---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Angelic Nguyen - The Fascinating Orchids of Vietnam"
date:   2017-05-12 7:30PM
---
Angelic has been growing orchids for about 20 years, and started her company, Orchid Design,
in 1999. She works on orchid growing, orchid arrangement, graphic design, and web design. Recently
she has also been concentrating on photography and has taken thousands of orchid pictures for
promoting orchid shows.

Orchids she grows include Cattleyas, Phalanopsis, Laelias, Dendrobiums, Oncidiums, Paphs, Phrags,
Lycastes, Bulbophylums, Vandas; hybrids and species. She also has several Cymbidiums rare
standard, pendulous and peloric, and has done some hybridizing of Cymbidiums, Laelias, and
Cattleyas. She has received numerous awards for her flowers in orchid shows. In the meantime, she
enjoys finding different orchids blooming in her garden every day.

Angelic was Art Director for the Cymbidium Society of America Journal in 2006, and served as the
newsletter editor for the San Francisco Orchid Society for about ten years. She has been involved in
many activities to support orchid societies with design and printing for postcards, brochures and
flyers, and has also served as President, show chair, and as a board member of several Bay Area
orchid societies. She is currently the show chair for the SFOS's summer show, "Orchids in the Park".

Orchid Design has been participating in the Pacific Orchid Exposition, the Santa Barbara
International Orchid Show, the San Diego International Orchid Show, the San Francisco Flower &
Garden Show, and many other shows for the past decade.

She has also been giving orchid presentations and skill sessions for orchid and garden societies,
using her experience and large selection of her photographs. She has spoken on a variety of orchid
topics, including the 19th World Orchid Conference, Fragrant Orchids, Unusual Cymbidiums,
Pendulous Cymbidiums, "Cattleya, the Queen of Flowers", Laelia Species, and "The fascinating
Orchids of Vietnam". 

### Plant table

Angelic will supply some of the plant table. There will be a wide variety of orchids.

MOS bought some Cymbidiums from Doug Pulley. Many were sold during the
MOS Show and POGE Show. The remaining Cymbidiums will be used to
supplement the plant table. Thank you Bill for hauling the Cymbidiums to
the shows and taking care of (babysitting) them for us.
