---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Dan Newman - Dendrobiums: Jewels of the East"
date:   2017-09-08 7:30PM
---

Dan Newman started growing orchids in 1982. His first successful
subject was a Dendrobium hybrid bought as a tiny seedling at a lei
stand in the Honolulu Airport. When that plant finally grew up and
bloomed a few years later, he was hooked! By 1996 he had 350 orchids
in a one-bedroom apartment. That year, he moved his plants into a
rented commercial greenhouse in San Francisco. He took over the
large species collection of his friend and orchid mentor, Walter
Teague, and his hobby evolved into his nursery, Hanging Gardens.
Dan started growing orchids full-time in 2000, and moved to a larger
greenhouse in Pacifica a few years later. Most of his plants are
cool to intermediate growers (really warm growers are challenging
in Pacifica, but it's hard to resist trying a few).  Species orchids
make up his core collection and most of his sale stock.  He also
grows a variety of "companion plants", which share the natural
habitats of orchids.

Dan joined the San Francisco Orchid Society in 1987 and served as
its president in 1996/97.  In recent years, he has spoken on a
variety of topics to orchid societies in California and elsewhere.
At our upcoming meeting, he will be discussing Dendrobiums.

Dendrobium is one of the largest and most complex orchid genera of
Asia, Australia, and the Pacific, encompassing a great number of
horticultural gems among its 1000-plus species.  People often ask
how to grow Dendrobiums.  For such a diverse group of plants,
occurring in habitats ranging from the monsoonal foothills of the
high Himalayas to the perpetually cool alpine grasslands and steamy
lowland swamps of equatorial New Guinea, from the tropical forests
of remote Pacific islands to the temperate, seasonal regions of
southern Australia, there is no simple answer.  The talk will focus
on several popular sections of the genus, starting in the Himalayas
and Southeast Asia and working southward to New Guinea and the
Pacific, with photos of representative species and discussion of
their culture in the context of the habitats where they originate.
The goal of the presentation is to share my interest in these
fascinating orchids and provide useful information about their
cultivation.

### Plant table

The plant table (opportunity table) will be supplied by Dan Newman.

Natalie Bo and Kalan Toy donated $20 each to the August plant table.

Thank you Natalie and Kalan!
