---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: TANYA LAM - Wonderful Colors of Neofinetia Hybrids"
date:   2017-01-13 7:30PM
---
Tanya has been growing orchids since 1997, constantly trying different methods of growing
conditions and growing medium. She was creative in adjusting her growing methods to raise her
orchids with the healthiest rooting systems, and in turn enjoys optimal flowering. During the first
few years of growing, her job required extensive travel, which required her to have good planning
and orchid mixes that stay moist exactly 7 days. Tanya created her own mixes to fit her weekly
watering schedule and conditions. Tanya always looks for ways to improve her greenhouse
operations and improve growing conditions. Orchids have become Tanya’s obsession and second
profession. Tanya has seen orchids growing in Australia, Thailand, China, and Singapore. She loves
to travel and dreams to visit even more orchid habitats throughout the world.

Tanya grows many species and hybrids in San Jose, California. Her special interests are both species
and hybrids mostly of Psychopsis, Dendrobium, Epidendrum, Paphiopedilum, Encyclia, Cattleya,
Vandacous, and the challenging Angraecoids. She has recently explored many other orchid genera
as well. Tanya likes “showy” orchids and is on the search for long and/or frequent blooming orchids.
She also likes to grow plants into specimen size. Her most favorite orchids are Psychopsis and
Neofinetia hybrids, both are almost always in bloom.

Tanya gives many orchid talks to orchid societies locally in the Bay area and many cities where she
conducts her Human Resources System consulting business. Tanya devotes each winter to orchid
talks when the orchids need less attention besides collecting rain water. She held many board
positions and is past vice president and past president of Malihini Orchid Society. Tanya is an active
member of many orchid societies in the SF Bay area.

Tanya has earned several AOS awards and is especially proud to have 2 orchids named after her –
Paph Tanya Lam (P. Maudiae x P. tigrinum)
and
Cattleya Tanya Lam 'Bud Segraves HCC/AOS (L. rupestris
'Eifel Tower' x C. coquina 'Amesthystina')

Welcome back Tanya!

### Plant table

Tanya will supply the plant table. There will be a wide variety of orchids.
