---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Ed Nazzal - Orchid Seed Germination in Your Kitchen - A Low Tech Approach"
date:   2017-06-09 7:30PM
---
Ed, a retired chemist, has been growing orchids since 1984. His primary interests are in
Paphs and Phrags and cool growing orchids. Ed has a small greenhouse where he grows mostly
species and primary Paphs and Phrags hybrids. He also grows a large variety of cool growing orchids
outdoors. He finds the orchid species of the Bay Area and California interesting. Ed is also interested
in orchid seed germination; he has made several hybrids and developed a technique for orchid seed
germination without the use of sophisticated lab equipment.

In nature orchids seeds are only germinated with the help of a fungus, which rarely occurs. This
hurdle in germination have caused orchids to evolve, producing a huge number of seeds to increase
the odds that some will germinate. In 1922, Lewis Knudson developed a process to germinate large
percentages of mature orchid seeds. Since orchids seeds lack any source of energy for the growing
embryo, Knudson provided the energy source by adding sugar to the growing media. Unfortunately,
that also encourages the growth of all kinds of undesirable organisms and inhibit or completely
prevent the germination of the orchid seeds. Therefore, it is critical to do all the preparations of the
media and the sowing of the seed in strictly sterile conditions. This process typically requires the use
of sophisticated and expensive laboratory equipment. Ed has developed a process where orchid
seed germination can be achieved using common equipment found in every household. His
technique has the potential to extend successful orchid seed germination to the average orchid
hobbyist.

### Plant table

Barry Zimmerman will supply the plant table as he is looking to downside his collection.
