---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Alan Koch - What's New in Miniature Cattleya"
date:   2017-08-11 7:30PM
---

Alan Koch owns and operates Gold Country Orchids where he specializes in
miniature and compact Cattleyas. He started growing orchids in 1969 when
he was given Cymbidiums by an aunt. While in college, his interest in
other orchids grew, especially when he realized outdoors in Southern
California was an ideal environment for many species.

He has moved five times as his orchid obsession has led to the need for
more growing space. With the last move, he purchased 10 acres of land in
Lincoln, California for his 300,000 orchids. He is recognized as an
expert in the Brazilian Cattleya alliance and a trend setter in
miniature Cattleya breeding. Alan has been published in both Orchid
Digest and American Orchid Society magazines. He has also been published
in the proceedings of the World Orchid Conference. Now, he is an
internationally known speaker.

Alan is a past member of the AOS Judging Committee and the Research
Committee, an Accredited Judge, and is Vice-chair and Training
Coordinator for the California Sierra Nevada Judging Center. Alan also
served two terms on the Orchid Digest Executive Committee and Board of
Directors, and is one of the current directors, as well as a Trustee for
the AOS. This month, Alan will discuss all the new advances and new
species of miniature Cattleyas.

### Plant table

The plant table (opportunity table) will be supplied by Alan Koch of
Gold Country Orchids. Also, one of our members, John Humphrey will donate
about six Cymbidiums to our plant table.  Thank you, John.