---
layout: meeting
title:  "Speaker: Dave Sorokowsky - Novelty Paphiopedilum (Paph)"
date:   2019-10-11 7:30PM
---
This is a very broad term for hybrids made with distantly related species. Some of the novelties are the most striking of the Paphiopedilum hybrids. Unfortunately very few are used to make new hybrids. We will explore the novelties and which ones have been good parents for the next generation of hybrids.

After receiving his degree in biochemistry from the University of Toronto, Dave opted to step outside his chosen field and operated a tropical fish import business for eight years.  Upon returning to school, Dave received a degree in enology and viticulture from Brock University in St. Catharines, Ontario.  

While attending Brock, Dave began acquiring orchids one 2" pot at a time.  Before he graduated, Dave had over 100 orchids!  Winemaking and a passion for orchids prompted Dave to seek a warmer climate in California about one year later.  

Dave has been growing Paphiopedilums for about 15 years and seriously hybridizing for the past 10 years.  He is an accredited AOS judge and his Paphiopedilums have received over 75 awards to date from the AOS and CSA. Many of those awarded plants playing important roles in his breeding program. Dave and his wife Stacey started Paph Paradise in 2014 after a few years of selling plants on eBay. You can see what they have to offer at [paphparadise.com](https://www.paphparadise.com/)

### Plant table

The plant table (opportunity table) will be supplied by Dave Sorokowsky
