---
layout: meeting
title:  "Dave Sorokowsky of Paph Paradise - Don’t Fear the Slippers - A Guide to Successful Paph Culture"
date:   2024-12-13 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM

### Speaker bio
After receiving his degree in biochemistry from the University of Toronto, Dave opted to step outside his chosen field and operated a tropical fish import business for eight years. Upon returning to school, Dave received a degree in enology and viticulture from Brock University in St. Catharines, Ontario. While attending Brock, Dave began acquiring orchids one 2” pot at a time. Before he graduated,
Dave had over 100 orchids. Winemaking and a passion for orchids, prompted Dave to seek a warmer climate in California about one year later.

Dave has been growing Paphiopedilums for about 20 years and seriously hybridizing for over 10 years. He is an accredited AOS judge and his Paphiopedilums have received over 100 awards to date from the AOS and CSA. Many of those awarded plants playing important roles in his breeding program. In 2018, Dave left winemaking in order to focus all of his time running Paph Paradise Orchids. 

If you wish to pre-order:
- Go to https://paphparadise.com/ to see what is available. The complex hybrid is recommended for beginners.
- Contact Dave at paphparadise@gmail.com. Label your subject as Malihini pre-orders (indicate if you are a member or not)

### Plant table

Dave Sorokowsky of Paph Paradise will provide the plant table with a variety of orchids
