---
layout: meeting
title:  "Sobralia"
date:   2025-06-13 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM

### Speaker <br/>
Bruce Rogers (remote presentation)

### Speaker bio
In the 1980s Bruce founded Bruce Rogers Orchids, an orchid consulting and management company based in San Francisco. This business continues today and includes many private and commercial accounts. In 2002 he followed his passion and started growing and hybridizing Sobralia orchids. Today he is known around the world for his unique and popular hybrids, and is the largest supplier of wholesale and retail Sobralias.

Bruce is internationally well known as an orchid expert. He is the author of the best selling orchid book, The Orchid Whisperer, Expert Secrets for Growing Beautiful Orchids (Chronicle Books, 2012), as well as numerous articles on orchid culture and design. He is a frequent and popular guest lecturer at orchid societies and garden clubs. He was formally on the Advisory Council at the San Francisco Conservatory of Flowers and has served as the Ambassador for the San Francisco Orchid Society.

In 2007 the late Dr. Eric Christenson named the magnificent orchid species Sobralia rogersiana in Bruce’s honor for his work with the genus Sobralia.

GO TO: brucerogersorchids.com

If you are interested in Sobralias, you can call for the latest price list, photos, and availability. The San Francisco nursery is by appointment only (415) 235-4819.
His books can be bought from Amazon, B&N, Target, etc.
Photos of his Sobralias (Beautiful!)
Contact: brucerogersorchids.com

### Plant table
Bruce Rogers of Bruce Rogers Orchids will provide the raffle plants.  Sobralias have very showy flowers! Bruce will provide mature Sobralias to young Sobralias.  He also will provide other genus of orchids.

The photos indicated to me that Bruce was very generous to Malihini.  There were so many Sobralias.  Thank you Bruce!
