---
layout: meeting
title:  "Audrey Young-Tarter - The Rod McLellan Acres of Orchids"
date:   2025-08-08 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM 

### Speaker <br/>
Audrey Young-Tarter 

### Speaker bio
In 1992, Audrey's cousin talked her into going to Hewlett Packard to attend a Malihini Orchid Society meeting.  She bought $5 in raffle tickets and won 2 orchids, and she thought to herself, “Hey, this orchid business is EASY!”  From there, it has become downhill and she became wholly addicted to orchid growing and learning.

She purchased her first sepal / ventral peloric cymbidium in 1997 from Orchids for Everyone, a chance seedling that had mutated as a partial labeloid, sepal/ ventral peloric cymbidium. The hybrid was registered by R.J. Dean of Australia, as Cym. Cleo's Melody, and the specific cultivar was named 'Freakout'. From the acquisition of this first plant, Audrey's passion grew to wanting to learn everything about the hybridization with this cultivar, and similar sepal or ventral partial labelloid cymbidiums.

Audrey Young-Tarter lectures on her favorite subjects - "Peloric Cymbidium Orchids". She provides a 60-minute slideshow presentation on this subject. She also speaks on "Backyard Orchid Growing" and "The Rod McLellan Acres of Orchids".


Audrey Young-Tarter
Purveyor of Peloric, Sepal Peloric and Splashed / Feathered Cymbidium Orchids
www.CymserelyYours.com 
CymserelyYours@yahoo.com


### Plant table
The Leo Kusber donation plants will be utilized for the plant table.
