---
layout: meeting
title:  "How to Keep Your Orchids Happy"
date:   2025-05-08 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM

### Speaker <br/>
Bill Weaver

### Speaker bio
Bill Weaver was a plant geek starting at an early age, dumpster diving at the local nursery looking for cuttings and plants that he could rescue. When he went away to college, he took along his terrariums of carnivorous plants. That was where he “met” his first orchid. It was an unnamed white Cymbidium purchased at a drive-in theater flea market. This led to an ever-growing collection of orchids under lights in his little Palo Alto apartment.

Moving to Sunnyvale, once he filled up his back yard, he started renting space in Half Moon Bay. Over 15 years now, he has expanded to over 10,000 square feet there.  After 37 years as a Customer Engineer at Hewlett Packard, Bill has retired and makes his 'orchid money' helping other growers with their greenhouses and repotting.

He grows mostly Cymbidiums, Laelias, and other cool growing orchids. Over the years Bill's plants have been awarded HCC, AM and one FCC from the American Orchid Society, as well as several CCM and CCE awards for his giant specimen plants. He also has a lovely orange Cymbidium named for him.

### Plant table
We will be using Leo Kusber's orchid donation to Malihini as our plant table.  Weegie Caughlan and Audrey Young-Tarter helped make this happen.  
