---
layout: meeting
title:  "Viruses in Orchids (Symptoms, Spread & Sanitation)"
date:   2025-03-14 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM

### Speaker <br/>
There will be no speaker for this meeting.  Instead we will have a few video presentations.

### Plant table
  
<b>Bring One Orchid, Get One Orchid Raffle</b>

Our Plant Table will be a little different this month.  Everyone will bring an orchid to the meeting and place it on the plant table.  To participate, you must bring an orchid.  You will then receive a raffle ticket.  You will then place the ticket copy into the raffle jar.  When your ticket number is called, you can go to the plant table and pick any orchid you desire.  We will do this until everyone who brings an orchid to participate picks up an orchid.  <br/>

<i>You can start looking around your orchid collection and decide which one to bring for our March meeting!</i>

## Rules:
1)  Plants must be pest free.<br/>
2)  Plants must be disease free.<br/>
     -probably most of our members are unable to test for viruses<br/>
     -If there are signs of viruses on the plant, DO NOT BRING IT FOR THE BOGO PLANT TABLE<br/>
3)  Signs of virus infected orchid, pests or diseases<br/>
   Are you just starting out?  Not sure what you are looking at?<br/>
   Contact me and I can direct you to sites that will help you.  It's always good to see photos of these conditions.<br/>
4)  Plants must be fully established.<br/>
5)  Plants do NOT need to be in bloom.  If a member is not sure what the flower will look like, you can google it.<br/>
6)  You can bring a plant that you yourself would be proud of selecting.<br/>
