---
layout: meeting
title:  "Happy Roots Happy Orchids!"
date:   2026-03-13 7:30PM
---
<b>Location: </b><a href = "https://maps.app.goo.gl/7Fe7Ghb5wu6cFojJ9">Santa Clara Railroad Museum<br/>
1005 Railroad Avenue<br/>
Santa Clara, CA 95050<br/>
</a>

SETUP STARTS AT 7PM, MEETING AT 7:30PM

### Speaker <br/>
Harvey Brenneise is the speaker in this webinar.<br>
This webinar is focusing on orchid health & growth, and themed around the idea that healthy roots lead to happy orchids.<br>
We will start this webinar at 7:30 pm.

### Plant table
1)  The remainder of Weegie Caughlan's donated Cymbidiums from 2025.<br>
2)  Antonio Nguyen bought two orchids from the POE.  He will donate the Cattleya purpurata (Tanya Lam's batch).  These plants are very hardy and can survive our weather here.  They are pretty rare also.  The Cattleya's flowers are a rare pink.
The Sarcochilus is from Dennis Olivas.  The flower color can be anything from white to pink to red because the Sarcochilus is from a seedling batch.  It is very hardy for our weather here.  
Price tags are still attached to them.  Both will produce high quality flowers in the right hands.  Sturdy plants with beautiful flowers are hard to find these days.  See the two photos in the attachment.
<br>
4)  Cymbidiums (about 10-12) donated by your president, John Humphey.  There will be at least two pendulous Cyms. One with light green flowers (5 ft. of pendulous Cyms).  The second one has yellow and white flowers.

These Cyms are really good ones.  You better show up or miss out!

John Humphrey and Antonio Nguyen will comment on their plant table donations to better explain their orchids.
